Updating README.md (#5)
v3io/scaler-types: README.md

# scaler-types

> Definition of the interface between a specific resource scaler and the generic scale to zero infrastructure components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Definition of the interface between a specific resource scalers and the scale-to-zero infrastructure components (autoscaler, dlx)
```
+ Link to their repos
